			Management and Entrepreneurship

Timestamp : Dec-2015

Part-A

1a.Define Management.Explain the process of Management?									(8)
1b.Differentiate between management and administration?									(4)
1c.What are the modern management approaches and explain key concepts of system approach?				(8)


2a.Why planning is important? Explain.											(4)
2b.Explain generally involved steps in planning.									(6)
2c.Why decision making is a key part of Manager's activity?								(2)
2d.What are the steps involved in rational decision making?Explain.							(8)

3a.What is Sapn of control? Why determination of an appropriate span of control is important?				(4)
3b.What is the difference between delegation and decentralization?							(4)
3c.Explain the sources of recruitment.											(5)
3d.Explain the steps involved in the selection process.									(7)

4a.Define directing and explain steps involved in controlling.								(7)
4b.What is Motivation? Explain "Maslow's Need Hierarchy Theory:".							(8)
4c.Explain the requisites for excellent coordination.									(5)

Part-B
5a. Define Entrepreneur. Explain the barriers to entrepreneurship.							(4)
5b. Explain the role of entrepreneurs in the economic growth of the country.						(5)
5c. List and explain the characteristics of successful entrepreneur.							(7)
5d. Write a note on women entrepreneur.											(4)

6a. Explain the role of SSI(Small Scale Industries) in economic development of the country.				(6)
6b. List and explain supporting agencies of Government of SSI.								(8)
6c. Write a note on impact of liberalization, privatisation and globalisation on SSI.					(6)

7a. What is an objective of National Small Industries Corporation Lts.(NSIC)? Explain the activites of NSIC.		(6)
7b. What are the objectives and functions and State Financial Corporations(SFC)?					(9)
7c. Write a note on SIDBI(Small Industries Development Bank of India).							(5)

8a. What are the scopes of the Project Report? Explain.									(4)
8b. Explain the contents of the Project Report.										(7)
8c. Define Project appraisal and explain steps followed in Project appraisal.						(9)
